Add readme (#30)
futuredapp/FTPropertyWrappers: README.md

# FTPropertyWrappers

![Swift](https://github.com/futuredapp/FTPropertyWrappers/workflows/Swift/badge.svg)

> Commonly used features implemented in Swift's property wrapper layer. This package contains wrappers for User Defaults, Keychain, Publisher and synchronization.

Reviewer: Commonly used by whom? I would make it clear why we made it and it's us who are using it.

Publisher is Combine provided type. I named it StoredSubject for a reason.

## Installation

When using Swift package manager install using Xcode 11+
or add following line to your dependencies:

```swift
.package(url: "https://github.com/futuredapp/FTPropertyWrappers.git", from: "1.0.0")
```
When using CocoaPods add following line to your `Podfile`:

```ruby
pod 'FTPropertyWrappers', '~> 1.0'
```
## Features

The main aim of this package is to provide programmer with access to commonly used features or snippets with as easy API as possible. Runtime efficiency, while important, is not the main focus of this package. As for today, this package contains wrappers for following features:

- `UserDefaults<T>` for storing a value inside Foundation's User Defaults
- `StoredSubject<T>` which is simple multidelegate/observing primitive for Swift
- `Serialized<T>` is naive implementation of property living on a certain thread using Dispatch

> - `GenericPassword<T>` and `InternetPassword<T>` are implementation of two classes storable in Keychain, with ability to inspect certain keychain item's attributes

Reviewer: I propose we get rid of all the `<T>`'s. They don't carry much information in themselves, property wrappers need to be generic after all.

```suggestion
- `UserDefaults` for storing a value inside Foundation's User Defaults
- `StoredSubject` which is simple multidelegate/observing primitive for Swift
- `Serialized` is naive implementation of property living on a certain thread using Dispatch
- `GenericPassword` and `InternetPassword` are implementation of two classes storable in Keychain, with ability to inspect certain keychain item's attributes
```
